Enable sklearnex documentation (#587)
intel/scikit-learn-intelex: doc/sources/get_started.rst

and in `Intel channel <https://anaconda.org/intel/scikit-learn-intelex>`_.
Sources and build instructions are available in
`Intel(R) Extension for Scikit-learn* repository <https://github.com/intel/scikit-learn-intelex>`_.

- Install from **PyPI** (Recommended)::

     pip install scikit-learn-intelex

- Install from Anaconda Cloud: Intel channel::

    conda install scikit-learn-intelex -c intel

Supported configurations
------------------------

**PyPi channel**

.. list-table::
   :widths: 25 8 8 8 8
   :header-rows: 1
   :align: left

   * - OS / Python version
     - Python 3.6
     - Python 3.7
     - Python 3.8
     - Python 3.9
   * - Linux
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ❌
   * - Windows
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ❌
   * - OsX
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ❌

.. note::
    It supports Intel CPU and GPU except on OsX.

**Anaconda Cloud: Intel channel**

.. list-table::
   :widths: 25 8 8 8 8
   :header-rows: 1
   :align: left

   * - OS / Python version
     - Python 3.6
     - Python 3.7
     - Python 3.8
     - Python 3.9
   * - Linux

>      - ❌

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - ✔️
```

     - ✔️

>      - ❌

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - ✔️
```

     - ❌
   * - Windows

>      - ❌

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - ✔️
```

     - ✔️

>      - ❌

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - ✔️
```

     - ❌
   * - OsX

>      - ❌

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - ✔️
```

     - ✔️

>      - ❌

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - ✔️
```

.. note::
    It supports Intel CPU and GPU except on OsX.

**Anaconda Cloud: Intel channel**

.. list-table::
   :widths: 25 8 8 8 8
   :header-rows: 1
   :align: left

   * - OS / Python version
     - Python 3.6
     - Python 3.7
     - Python 3.8
     - Python 3.9
   * - Linux
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ❌
   * - Windows
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ❌
   * - OsX
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ✔️
     - ❌

.. note::
    It supports Intel CPU and GPU except on OsX.
    Recommended for conda users who use other components from Intel(R) Distribution for Python.

Building from Sources
---------------------

**Prerequisites**::

    Python version >= 3.6

**Configuring the build with environment variables**::

    SKLEARNEX_VERSION: sets package version

**Building Intel(R) Extension for Scikit-learn**

To install the package::

    cd <checkout-dir>
    python setup_sklearnex.py install

To install the package in the development mode::

    cd <checkout-dir>
    python setup.py develop

To install scikit-learn-intelex without the dependency on daal4py::

    cd <checkout-dir>
    python setup_sklearnex.py install --single-version-externally-managed --record=record.txt

> Or in the development mode::

Reviewer 2: unclear. Do you mean installation without the dependency and in the dev mode?

Author: I changed this

> Or in the development mode::

Reviewer 2: unclear. Do you mean installation without the dependency and in the dev mode?

    cd <checkout-dir>
    python setup_sklearnex.py develop --no-deps

.. note::
    The **develop** mode will not install the package but it will create a ``.egg-link`` in the deployment directory

>     back to the project source code directory. That way you can edit the source code and see the changes directly

Reviewer 2: `directly` -- I don't think it's the right word, you can probably just omit it

>     without having to reinstall every time that you make a little change

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    without having to reinstall every time you make a small change.
```

or a `minor change`

with `to reinstall` you have to specify what is being reinstalled. the package?

>     without having to reinstall package every time you make a small change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    without having to reinstall the package every time you make a small change.
```

⚠️ Keys ``--single-version-externally-managed`` and ``--no-deps`` are required so that daal4py is not downloaded after installation of Intel(R) Extension for Scikit-learn

.. note::

>     --single-version-externally-managed is an option used for Python packages instructing the setuptools module

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ``--single-version-externally-managed`` is an option used for Python packages instructing the setuptools module
```

>     to create a Python package which can be easily managed by the host's package manager if needed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    to create a Python package that can be easily managed by the package manager on the host
```

**Building documentation for Intel(R) Extension for Scikit-learn**

Prerequisites for creating documentation

- sphinx
- sphinx_rtd_theme

Building documentation

1. ```cd doc && make html```

> 2. The documentation will be in ```doc/_build/html```

Reviewer 2: do we need this in get started?

Author: I think this is the best place in the documentation for this)

> 2. The documentation will be in ```doc/_build/html```

Reviewer 2: do we need this in get started?
